README.md, before:

# "Node.js Tutorial - How to Build a Web Server"

Represents the result following the NodeJS tutorial by Dave Gray, the next link is to redirect to his YouTube channel: 

✅ [Check out my YouTube Channel with all of my tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/DaveGrayTeachesCode).

**Description:**

This repository shares the code applied during the Youtube tutorial. The tutorial is part of a [Node.js for Beginners Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0Zuz27SZ-6PFkIxaJ6Xx_X46avTM1aYw) on my channel.  

[YouTube Tutorial](https://youtu.be/3ZAKY-CDKog) for this repository.

I suggest completing my [8 hour JavaScript course tutorial video](https://youtu.be/EfAl9bwzVZk) if you are new to Javascript.

### Challenge 2: Deploy this project at Glitch.

**WARNING:** I coded many times the remix button but Glitch took too long for importing my project (and didn't work), instead the walkthrough that I take is at Glitch portal > Button "New proyect" > Import from GitHub.

### Academic Honesty

**DO NOT COPY FOR AN ASSIGNMENT** - Avoid plagiargism and adhere to the spirit of this [Academic Honesty Policy](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/academic-honesty-policy/).

Commit message:

[IMP] Notes to deploy content.

README.md, after:

# "Node.js Tutorial - How to Build a Web Server"

✅ [Check out my YouTube Channel with all of my tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/DaveGrayTeachesCode).

**Description:**

This repository shares the code applied during the Youtube tutorial. The tutorial is part of a [Node.js for Beginners Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0Zuz27SZ-6PFkIxaJ6Xx_X46avTM1aYw) on my channel.  

[YouTube Tutorial](https://youtu.be/3ZAKY-CDKog) for this repository.

I suggest completing my [8 hour JavaScript course tutorial video](https://youtu.be/EfAl9bwzVZk) if you are new to Javascript.

### Deploy the 17th lesson on this project following the next:

1. Copy all content of "17_deploy_at_glitch" folder to another Github repo.
2. Import the Github repo at Glitch!
3. Change the node engine at package.json with the next entry:
  - "engines": { "node": "16.x" }, 
  - Change "16.x" whatever your major version is & it's supported by Glitch.
  - FYI:
    - https://glitch.happyfox.com/kb/article/59-can-i-change-the-version-of-node-js-my-project-uses/
    - https://nodeversion.glitch.me/
4. Update node-modules at Glitch project terminal.
   - NOTE: I had updated twice 'cause I didn't review the "node --version" to ensure the engine was changed. When engine isn't equal you can execute "npm update" and you'll get a lot of WARNINGS and ERRORS in the finished updating progress.
5. Test your API endpoints using Glitch project URL instead of "localhost:3500".

### Academic Honesty

**DO NOT COPY FOR AN ASSIGNMENT** - Avoid plagiargism and adhere to the spirit of this [Academic Honesty Policy](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/academic-honesty-policy/).
